You're not trying to take the opportunity to win me over, are you?
I am the prince
Of course I won't use this kind of nonsense
Why is your prejudice against me so much?
Stop pretending
You as the prince
On the surface, imperial examinations were carried out to recruit children from poor families
In fact, dark incense operation
I have long been operating with dark incense
The imperial examinations have just ended
You ordered an exchange of events
The masterpieces of the children of the poor have become princes and nobles
What to say I have a friend
It is Wu Zhongyong, the three great talents of Jinzhong
However
The world that can be lifted is rang by the tip of Iwamatsu
The big scroll person has also been replaced by the son of the official servant
Chen Deliyi's name
You're not going to sue?
The county magistrate is gone for decoration
If it doesn't work
There's a lot of bureaucracy around the world.
There are many poor children
Want to speak up for your peers
Go to the county office to complain
But they were all beaten out by the stick bully
I'm still lying in bed and can't run
Okay, Sanye
go to great lengths
election
Unexpectedly, it was a villain
Faked
Check tomorrow morning
You confront me together
Officials responsible for resigning
Let's see who's messing around